Healing Circle Natural Health website:


Home Page

Welcome to Healing Circle Natural Health. (I’m thinking of blues since my other website has lots of green) (some websites that I’ve looked at that are nice: http://www.jeanslatter.com/contact.htm
http://www.achievehealthcenter.com/


If you are ready to make a change and take charge of your health, you’ve come to the right place. At Healing Circle Natural Health we empower you to take control and make healthier choices for your life.  Whether it’s a change in diet, adding exercise or getting regular massage, we can help you create wellness in your life.  

What is Naturopathy?  Naturopathy is a difficult subject to describe as it means different things to different people. Simply, it is giving the body an environment where it can heal itself and thrive. Naturopathy’s goal is to use nature to help the body heal.  Whether it’s adding something like supplements or herbs, or taking something away like stress, polluted water or certain foods, we try to encourage nature to take charge.  

About Kathy Gruver: 
	Kathy Gruver has been involved in natural health since 1990.  Even as a child she was interested in massage, energy healing and natural remedies.  She is a graduate of Clayton College of Natural Health with highest honors with her Doctorate in Traditional Naturopathy and is currently pursuing her MS and Ph.D. in Natural Health.  
	A licensed massage therapist, Reiki master and birth assistant, Kathy can provide gentle, informative health consultations to guide you on the road to wellness.  Taking into account that no two people are the same, Kathy works holistically to design a program to fit your needs and lifestyle.  (add photo and resume)

Mission Statement: 
	I believe, in the right environment, the body has the unique ability to heal itself.  We live in a time of incredible medical achievement, but sometimes modern medicine just covers up symptoms, or causes more disease. Prescription drugs have become the “magic bullet” and unnecessary surgeries and procedures are rampant.  Natural cures that have existed for centuries are now making their way back to the lives of us all.  
Everything has its place and all the therapies that exist have value at different times. 
	It is important for people to realize that they have the ability to heal, but they also have a responsibility to take care of themselves.  No one thing or person can do it for them. There are no guarantees.  Live a good life, laugh and love. Eat well and exercise and let nature work from there. 



Page 2

Download our intake form: PDF


Address, Directions and Map:  3040 State St in the back of the building right next to Thomasville Furniture across the street from Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. We are available by appointment ONLY. Please do not stop by and expect to be able to speak with Kathy or make an appointment. Thanks for your cooperation on this. 

CA legalities   Laws have changed recently in CA that don’t allow me to use the term Doctor or ND following my name even though that is the degree I earned.  There are a few colleges though out the United States that train “medical naturopaths”; they get a four year degree and can diagnose, prescribe, perform minor surgery and order tests.  This group lobbied so that they would exclusively be able to use ND and Doctor as their title.  This has left traditional naturopaths like myself in limbo. So, though I have earned a Doctorate Degree, I cannot use that title.    (where do I put this?)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FIX ON HCM WEBSITE: 

Fix resume page and add new stuff

Add hands photo of Dorothy and elder massage description: 

Having worked with clients as old as 101, Kathy takes special care to assist the elderly with massage and energy work. Kathy has worked with clients with Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, Brain injuries, diabetes and stroke.  Home and hospital visits are available on a limited basis.  

Add SB fitness article I wrote, add massage magazine article I wrote. 
Erase “We asked”, apr/may and oct. 


What people are saying:  (new page)

That is the best money I’ve spent on myself in a long time. 

Not just a massage therapist, truly a healer

I’ve had massage all over the world and you are the best!!

I had neck pain for years and the doctors told me my only option was surgery. Kathy lessened my pain so that I didn’t need to go under the knife. 

My hands were always going numb and after just one visit, my hands stopped tingling. 

Kathy was able to give me some tips for helping my low back that worked. Why didn’t my doctor tell me those things? 

You have changed my life!

Responsible, kind, caring, a true angel on earth. 

I felt this warmth in her hands and my heart became so full of love I almost wept. 

The perfect combination of fabulous business woman and amazing healer. 
